---
title: Metaverse
date: 2022-08-06 10:34:00 +0800
categories: [Life]
tags: [Life]
pin: true
author: None

toc: true
comments: true
typora-root-url: ../../jovanmei.github.io
math: false
mermaid: true
---



#### ***What is the metaverse?***

**It generally refers to a shared digital space that allows people to interact in a more immersive way than a traditional website. This could be through the use of virtual reality (VR) or augmented reality (AR). In this virtual world, we have 3D holographic avatars. As the metaverse expands, it will offer a hyper-real alternative world for you to coexist in.**

 

> immersive adj. 沉浸式的；身临其境的
>
> augmented adj. 增强的
>
> holographic adj. 全息的
>
> avatar n. 化身
>
> hyper-real adj. 超真实的
>
> alternative adj. 另一个的
>
> coexist v. 共存
>
> It generally refers to ... 这通常指的是...
>
> This could be through the use of ... 这可以通过使用...（来实现）



------



#### *Is the metaverse happening because of the pandemic?*

#### 

**Sort of. The idea of bringing all of those activities together in one seamless digital environment is not as much of a leap as you have seen just a few years ago. Some of plans predate the pandemic, but almost two years of living mostly virtually seems likely to have accelerated it and investors now think of it as more of a possibility.** 

 

> seamless adj. 无缝的
>
> leap n. 飞跃
>
> predate v. （日期上）早于
>
> ... is not as much of a leap as ... 这如...一样并不是突飞猛进

 

------



#### *What is the actual application for the metaverse?*

 

**Well, as of right now, the idea for usage of the metaverse is pretty basic, business meetings, educational purposes, virtual concerts and tours. Merging virtual reality with social networking is likely to be the first step, but experts are saying it can be much more than that relying on blockchain technology to create unique items and experiences within this virtual utopia.**

 

> merge v. 融合
>
> merge sth with sth 将...和...融合
>
> blockchain n. 区块俩
>
> utopia n. 乌托邦

 

------



#### ***When will the metaverse hit the mainstream?***

 

**Mark Zuckerberg [estimates](https://www.usatoday.com/story/tech/2021/10/28/facebook-meta-name-change-metaverse-instagram-whatsapp-zuckerberg/6180303001/) it could take 5 to 10 years before the key features of the metaverse become mainstream. But aspects of the metaverse currently exist. Ultra-fast broadband speeds, virtual reality headsets and persistent always-on online worlds are already up and running, even though they may not be accessible to all.**

 

> mainstream n. 主流
>
> hit the mainstream loc. 进军主流
>
> broadband n. 宽带
>
> headset n. 头戴式视图器
>
> always-on adj. 始终在线的
>
> up adj. 在运转的
>
> be accessible to sb 对...开放的

 

 

------



#### *What are the challenges to the metaverse?*

 

**It’s clear that there are still a lot of issues that need to be worked through before we are ready to move our lives entirely online. Privacy, security and data protection are major issues moving forward with the metaverse, but what seems to be a bigger hurdle is the technology itself. High-speed Internet still isn’t as widely available as it should be and latency is sure to be an issue as well as a matter of fact.**

 

> work through loc. 解决
>
> move forward with loc. 推进；推动
>
> hurdle n. 障碍
>
> latency n. （网络）延迟
