---
title: Involution
date: 2022-04-24 10:34:00 +0800
categories: [Life]
tags: [Life]
pin: true
author: None

toc: true
comments: true
typora-root-url: ../../jovanmei.github.io
math: false
mermaid: true
---



#### ***What exactly is involution?***

**Involution, an obscure buzzword, which has been going viral since last year. It intuitively captures a kind of dilemma among present Chinese, which is an endless cycle of self-flagellation, feeling as if you're running in place and constantly having to motivate yourself day in, day out. It would see the majority of humanity is afflicted by doubt and anxiety. That means you're entangled with incessant rat race, but you know full well that you probably won't get anything valid out of it.**



------



#### ***Can you quote me a situational example?***

**If you’re with a corporate giant, a bureaucratic culture tend to make the rounds. It’s marked by a need-to-please vibe due to a self-perpetuating internal promotion mechanism. Employees are called on to conform to certain disciplines that chiefs expect to see employees work overtime off their own bats and pivot on firms’ performances. Most rarely pit themselves against the situation. How would you grapple with it? If you take on it and buckle under the authority, you’re now involuted.** 

 

> corporate giant  loc. 大公司
>
> bureaucratic  adj. 官僚主义的
>
> tend to do  loc. 往往会
>
> please  vt. 取悦
>
> vibe  n. 氛围
>
> self-perpetuating  adj. 用不休止的
>
> call on sb to do  loc. 号召某人做某事
>
> conform to  loc. 遵守
>
> off one’s own bat  loc. 自己主动地
>
> pivot on  loc. 以...为核心
>
> pit oneself against  loc. 对抗
>
> grapple with  loc. 解决
>
> take on  loc. 承担
>
> buckle under  loc. 屈服于



------



#### *What do you think has led to involution?*

 

**I see the roots of involution coming from is homogeneity, a strong communal meme, highly singular and uniform in terms of goals, evaluation criteria as well as methods of competition due to modern education. The form of competition leads to an extremely high degree of integration. Everyone thinks alike. Without exit mechanism is also I think at the root of much of what causes anxieties in the world and anxieties with us individually. You’re not allowed to quit. If you quit the competition, you’re left facing huge moral pressure, exposed to critique and ridicule.**

 

> homogeneity  n. 同质化
>
> communal  adj. 共同的
>
> meme  n. 文化基因
>
> integration   n. 一体化
>
> be exposed to  loc. 遭受
>
> I see the roots of ... coming from is ...  我认为...的根源是...
>
> ... is also I think at the root of much of what causes ... 我认为...也是很大程度上导致...的原因



------



#### ***How does education impact involution?***

 

**In classical education, the most important function of education was to understand yourself. In modern society, however, education has been tasked with changing your destiny, and it’s now common to believe that upward mobility can be achieved through education. This then leaves students feeling lost due to involution, while teachers become frustrated at the lack of students actually interested in scholarship. If you look at more mature societies, like Europe, people are more content. It’s because they redirect their hopes and efforts. People go after what they’re good at and interested in with a sound method that works best for them. As such, our biggest problem is that the last bus has already passed, but we don’t want to start on a new path.** 

 

> be tasked with  loc. 被委派（工作）
>
> redirect  vt. 使改变方向
>
> sound  adj. 合理的
>
> as such  loc. 因此
>
> It’s now common to believe that...  现在普遍认为...

 

------

 

#### *How to stop involution?*

 

**On the social level, establishing an exit mechanism is of importance. The government may take the lead to move to better the present system of education sector. It should encourage diversity and differentiation rather than the concept of fame, wealth or social class. On the individual level, what I use myself, really, is a few steps. For starters, find a new path that suits you. Secondly, don’t be afraid of failure. Thirdly, focus more on the process than the objective. Fourthly, promote a spirit of craftsmanship. Fifthly, fully devote yourself to the here and now. The ways might not solve problems back and edge, but I know it’s in the unromantic raw parts that you’re able to find your powerful self.** 

 

> on the social level  loc. 在社会层面上
>
> take the lead  loc. 牵头
>
> move to do  loc. 行动去做某事
>
> education sector  loc. 教育界
>
> differentiation   n. 差异化
>
> on the individual level  loc. 在个人层面上
>
> spirit of craftsmanship  loc. 工匠精神
>
> the here and now  loc. 当下
>
> back and edge  loc. 完全地
>
> unromantic  adj. 平淡无奇的
>
> raw  adj. 不完美的
